the national water game conference
organized by the national federation
a great movie about hunting in
mountain but also over fifty
thousand hectares set aside by the
federation of hunters of the drôme
this is what awaits you on the jt of
hunters of france tv hello to all and
welcome so for this day of the hunt
in the month of May I am delighted with you
find you probably know May 9
last took place the conference
National Convention on Organized Waterfowl
on the initiative of the federation
National Hunters
the bodin president had wished to bring together
both the presidents but also
all the representative bodies of
the hunting of waterfowl in France for
able to debate on this subject indeed to
his request
a whole day was organized for
waterfowl on this day
the morning was first devoted a
uncompromising state of affairs on the
legal and scientific situation and
policy of hunting waterfowl
scientific interventions on
will remember in particular and well the
possibility of reconquering some
species and hunting period on the
only basis of scientific studies that
Its very important
the need to continue studies
on the disturbance and confusion of
species but also the need for
hunters to take responsibility
management of protected areas and
reservations from a political point of view
well everyone recognized the contribution
essential of the face but also of the
fnc to influence the daily
policy makers both European and
the unitary offensive which must
now be conducted will bring in
consequence on different things
including the urgent negotiation of a
management plan for the three countries
concerned with greylag goose the holland
belgium and france an approach
regional biogeographic dates of
hunting and huntable species but
also the acceleration of the
scientific research and collection
data on the main species
of waterfowl in its conclusion on
Bodin president pledged to make a
step point next year on
all these actions we have
will definitely come back
second information of that day you
have probably read it in the after
hunting or on the website of the fnc
Drômois hunters have put in reserve
more than fifty thousand hectares then
same as the spa claim to have put
it reserves barely 100 hectares
that's what month hunters month
call a nice operation be a
area 500 times greater than
of the acquisition of the spa which
yet made a lot of noise
France give more wings precisely
to all of these acquisitions made
especially through the foundation
for the protection of the habitats of the
wildlife but also through all
acquisitions that are made by the
hunters that represents many of
tens of thousands of hectares in
France and we must absolutely support
this point and not let our
contradictors show the few
dozens of hectares that put in
Reserve
third information of this always
so many volunteers for the famous
cleaning day of the Loire for this
fifth edition second la loire
own more than 1400 volunteers
participated on Saturday, March 1st at this
important cleaning operation that
you know it allows you to remove
all the garbage on the most beautiful
european river 47 meeting points
have been identified from the 12 departments
which runs through and the loire a first
estimate identifies a collection of
waste of about 400 to 500 cubic meters
most of the volunteers present on
members of hunting associations
waterfowl federations
of course, or even
associations for fishing and
protection of aquatic environments
more information this friendly
also since the federation of
law hunters to what you could
see especially this month when our
report on the pheasant organized a
amateur and professional contest
photos of nature lovers
federation therefore proposed to share
moments of emotion participating in his
wildlife themed photo contest
wild Picardy
it is organized in collaboration with
the regional bank brie picardie and this
contest is intended to showcase
the twelve months of the year so
to develop the famous 2015 calendar of
the federation beginning of the contest it was
April 12th and I propose you
to send your photos to the website of the
federation before May 31, 2014
another piece of information that shows more
in addition to the dynamism and willingness to
communicate federations it's a
first in France indeed
departmental federation of hunters
sold for the first time put in
direct and linked on dailymotion on
shooting of his
a general meeting in full direct
last April 26th they were over
1200 to be able to follow this age and on
dailymotion
a few dates before finishing this jt
indeed I remind you that 13 14
and next June 15th will be held at
Chambord the famous game fair organized
by the editions larivière
you will also find the south living room
hunting 27 28 and 29 June
in the aftermath finally and finally I
offers you to watch some of
this beautiful video that was made
by the departmental federation of
hunters of savoie a video
entirely devoted to safety at the
hunting in the mountains you'll see it's
very well mounted very beautiful images
this video is about 14 minutes
I'll give you some excerpts
in the vaults the weapons are dismounted
where to place in a case doubts are
unloaded
on the spot the hunters are easily
identifiable by their vests
fluorescent
patiently they wait for all
people registered the same morning get
meet meanwhile everyone sees himself
give a hunting horn the
hunters at the top of ridges
unable to communicate with
hunters in valley bottom
weapons can not be reloaded
that from 8 am the time for
all to join their post
more than an hour walk for some
once on the spot hunter posted
tracker will only need to fire after
identified the game without this
may pose a danger to others
the firing angle must allow the
ammunition to sink directly into
floor
it's the principle of firing
the end of this day thank you for having us
followed to find with a lot of
pleasure next week for our
guest on hunters of france tv and
of course you can follow us on
twitter including and on the site of the
fnc twitter I remind you of his hashtag
France hunting tv I count on you to
very quickly